hey guys mac OS corrects your I'm here
to show you how to get ipsp on your PSP
so when you download this file that will
give you you'll get two folders one
called
I PSP and one called PSP tunes what you
want to do is you want to take the IPSP
folder and drag it to the PSP folder
then you want to drag it into the common
folder so as soon as we open up the
common folder we will see I PSP so we
want to go back and now we want to go to
PSP tunes we want to drag PSP tunes into
the not the common folder but into the
root of our PSP so there's PSP tunes the
root of our PSP memory stick okay so now
let that's all there we are ready to
leave this and go to PSP so we can take
it out of USB mode and now we're going
to go to the Internet
we'll keep letting my loop for a sec all
right so then we want to go to address
and here what we're going to do is we're
going to take the we're going to type in
where file is located which will allow
us to open up the series of web files
the stories of web pages so what we're
going to do is you want to type in you
want to type in file i/o a colon and you
want to type slash then you want to go
back and type in PSP slash common see oh
and the pet oh and and then type slash
again
I PSP
and then just type slashing index and DB
X dot HTML all right you should end up
with file / PSP / comment / IPSP slash
index dot HTML should look just like
that so as soon as that's done we'll hit
start and it'll ask us if we want to run
the plugin the plug-in we want to get a
triangle I can tilt it to the side and
there is your IP SP you have your photos
it gives your link to Digg games and
what you can do is you can go to the
ipod and click ipod it'll ask you if you
want to run the plug-in and this will
take you to music
it'll bring you to an iTunes like page
and pick song
it'll load it up
and I have my PSP needed right now but
it would be playing my song right now it
will ask you to rotate it again
and it'll bring you back it has the time
up the top and you just use the joystick
to move around you can go to lock if you
really need to see what that does open
up block and it brings you to slide to
unlock which is a pretty cool feature
which locks here SP
unlock it he'll go and slide it which is
pretty fun and a challenge at the same
time and then you also have your I am
and it will connect you they're gonna
hide my stuff and then allows you to
rotate your PSP to its standard way and
then it will ask you to log in to your I
am which is pretty cool
so that is PSP on that is high class
vehicle so to bookmarked a triangle and
go to bookmarks which is right there go
to my bookmarks and add bookmarks and
now you have I pity you now have that
portal on your pick speak so thank you
for watching this video please subscribe
and thanks for watching